all.
Welcome to our Ocean Studio.
I'm your host, Craig Winn,
and this is your co-host, Wookie.
Asher is on duty here at my feet.
We'll probably pick up Asher later in the
show.
We are now turning to another Mizmowr of
Dowd.
This will be the eleventh.
We've covered more than that,
but it is the eleventh chronologically as
they're at least presented today in the
order of the Masoretic text.
The original order was probably quite
different.
We actually don't know the timing that
each was written.
I'm not sure it makes a great deal
of difference since in Hebrew verbs are
liberated in time and true for all time.
But nonetheless, this is number eleven.
And we reference the numbers not because
they were...
designated this way long ago.
I Dowd that they were.
There were no obviously chapter and verse
designations anywhere to be found until
really quite recently.
And they emanated with Christians,
not with Towrah observant Jews.
But
That said,
they do help us reference the portions of
the text that we're talking about,
and for at least that purpose,
so long as you don't assume that they
have any validity other than they're a
reference to the portion of the text that
is being discussed,
and you don't cherry pick things and think
that if you've cited a verse entirely that
you have kept things in context,
then it's fine to reference them.
Anyway,
as we progress with Dowd's Insights,
we have the opportunity to witness a
reality that is so different than the rest
of the world and how they perceive
God and indeed the Messiah.
Almost everything our culture has
indoctrinated us into believing is
actually false,
particularly when it comes to God.
And much of what we have been encouraged
to discount and ignore about God is
actually true of Him.
So let's continue.
It begins to and concerning the
Everlasting and Majestic Guide.
We have seen this on so many of
these songs written by Dowd and it really
speaks of Yahowah.
He is the
eminent and enduring director who
continuously leads.
It's from ha natsach
Of Dowd.
So once again, this is of Dowd.
If you're unfamiliar with that
pronunciation,
the fact is that Dowd's name is written
as D-W-D, Daleth, Wah Daleth,
every time that anything is attributed
directly to him that he wrote so my
guess is he probably knows how to spell
his own name and anything written by a
prophet within three centuries of Dowd's
life is also written as daleth so i'm
going to assume that god knows how to
pronounce his son's name and write it and
that the king also was literate and could
write his own name
and therefore it is Dowd.
There was never a V sound in Hebrew
language, so it cannot be David,
and the I does not appear in his
name.
There is, you know,
some of the books that were written much
later, a supplemental Yod added to Dowd.
It's only about, oh,
Twenty percent of the overall times that
his name appears that the yod is added
between the wah and the final daleth.
But as I say, every other mention,
and particularly all those closest to him,
are written daleth wah daleth.
So you should just become more familiar
with it.
That's his name.
We don't have any right to change it.
He is God's chosen one,
and that's the name that was chosen for
him.
With Yahowah,
that's another name that we ought to
become more familiar with.
Yahowah is God's one and only name.
Pronunciation of it is not difficult.
You can come to it.
very directly,
although I take an entire chapter to prove
it to you.
I don't want the microphone to be in
your way there, Wookie.
I'm sorry if it's intruding on your
napping area.
You can prove it.
comprehensively as I did in the entire
chapter of An Introduction to God,
introducing the proper pronunciation of
Yahowah's name.
But two words by themselves take you to
this place.
Three, if you want icing on the cake.
The first would be Hayah,
which is the basis of Yahowah's name
according to Yahowah.
He says that his name was based upon
the Hebrew verb Hayah.
where the He and the Yod are properly
pronounced.
There is the Yah conclusion of the name,
which certainly tells you how to pronounce
three of the four letters in Yahowah.
And it was revealed to us in a
book that Yahowah referred to as his Towrah.
The O sound in Towrah,
the vowel O in Towrah,
as well as the Ah sound at the
end of Towrah,
both tell us how to pronounce Yahowah's
name, the Wah sound.
uh is the o sound in Towrah that's
where it comes from and the hey is
the ending of uh of Towrah that's the
ending letter of Yahowah's name as well and
if you don't like Towrah if you think
there's a chance that the second most
commonly repeated hebrew word is um
mispronounced then how about Shalowm
Shalowm is the most commonly pronounced
Hebrew word,
and the O sound in Shalowm is delivered
by the Wa, which is a vowel.
And so this reads, with Yahowah,
I find someone I can trust to keep
me safe.
chasah, I am comfortable, restful,
and resilient, at peace, protected,
and in perfect harmony by having properly
placed my confidence.
so why would you say of my soul
he is now asking idiots uh the
particularly the religious and
specifically uh christians why would you
say of my soul flee flutter away wandering
aimlessly to your mountain like a bird
miss more lyrics to sing psalm eleven one
religious leaders would have Dowd all but
disappear
For them,
his life was little more than an aimless
pursuit of personal grievances,
his words lamentable,
his attitude that of an incurable
complainer.
But most of all,
they are bothered by the fact that God
said of him and did through him everything
that they have sought to attribute to
themselves or to others.
They would have him flutter and fly away
and then remain in
the place they view with contempt which
would be in this case zion the easiest
way to simulate this flight of fancy was
to take that which was redeeming from him
and give what god bestowed to Dowd to
another in so doing at least in their
eyes his life became irrelevant after all
he was robbed
and destitute after they had maligned him.
So his people, his purpose,
his prophecies, and his songs,
even his relationship with God as the very
Son of God, the Chosen One,
was reduced to be nothing more than the
forefather of a nameless Messiah.
What had been written about him was spun
in the centrifuge of replacement theology.
They took the unrecognizable result and
applied it to themselves,
their expectations,
and their incarnation of salvation.
In this regard, Dowd was observant,
but not the least bit amused.
He put all of us on notice,
and this, what follows is,
indicative of that and it's beautifully
written and vividly depicted i think we
had someone drive through our driveway
which caused the wookie to go into
watchdog mode he is very serious about his
security services might be small in
stature but he's big in attitude
Indeed, behold,
those guilty of vexing religious
malfeasance, rasha, those who are wrong,
evil, hostile to God, and wicked,
and condemned for their lack of ethics,
these who are culpable,
horrid frauds with massive crimes,
have bent the bow.
They have fashioned and aimed their arrows
upon the string to shoot through the
darkness and the shadows at those who are
straightforward and correct in their
thinking and judgment.
Mizmowr 11:2
From those point of view,
certainly from mine after having written
five books on Christianity,
which I entitled Twistianity,
The religious have taken aim and don't.
They have performed armed robbery.
Jesus is nothing but the product of
identity theft.
They committed a horrible crime.
So this is prophetically addressing the
times when Imperial Rome,
the Roman Catholic Church,
the Holy Roman Empire,
and all that would grow out of this
beast,
including the Orthodox and Protestant
versions of Christianity,
European kingdoms,
and indeed the Third Reich,
and now the Fourth, based upon Magas,
are...
all ready to assail everything that
pertains to God.
They have bent the bow of religious
malfeasance and pointed their arrows
directly at Yahowah's people, Yahuwdym,
Jews.
It is amazing to watch today with
mainstream talking heads and influencers
like Tucker Carlson,
just turning to nothing but anti-Semitic
tripe.
And I think Candace Owens may even be
more popular than he is,
and her popularity is derived from the
overall popularity today of anti-Semitism.
The world has gone crazy in its hatred
of Jews, blaming Jews for everything.
It's back to what the world experienced in
the beginning days of Hitler's rise to
power and the Third Reich.
Now with the rise of the Fourth Reich
and Donald Trump.
It's going to turn out very,
very badly for the world at large.
And these idiots promoting this,
who are taking aim,
who have placed their arrows on their bows
to take direct aim at all things that
pertain to Yahowah,
and the Towrah and the prophets,
the covenant to the Mow'ed Miqra'ey,
Yisrael Yahuwdym,
The next ten years is going to be
their dominion,
and they're going to make a mess of
this world,
and the result is that they will not
survive beyond that period of time.
They'll all be gone.
this following statement is a rhetorical
question dote is asking us if we know
the most appropriate way to respond to
what paul and his roman catholic church
have done to demean and replace Yahowah his
Towrah and his covenant boy speaking the
roman catholic church that beginning to uh
just to see some semblance of what um
pope leo has uh been uh advocating he
he was always um a bit
crazy.
You could just tell that there was
something not quite right about that dude.
You know,
he began by groveling all over statues to
Mary and, uh, the traditionalist says,
wow,
this is a man after our own cause.
He's,
he's going to be there to support Mary,
the mother of God, the queen of heaven.
Uh, and the, uh, um,
Madonna and Child and was venerating
statues of her.
And now he's saying, don't pray to Mary.
No, no,
don't pray to Mary and putting crowns on
the heads of babies and statues of Mary.
I'm telling you, this is one weird dude.
Don't know how that's going to turn out,
but...
You know,
since he is a young enough man,
he is likely to be the last Pope
unless he is somehow un-Popeized through
his most recent edicts.
We'll see how it plays out.
I don't have a dog in that hunt
and that I'm exceedingly anti-Christian
and particularly anti-Roman Catholic,
but it is nonetheless interesting.
So indeed, when the most basic principles,
the very foundation, the shoth,
the fundamental elements which frame and
define issues,
the purpose and the means of support are
torn down.
Wookie, don't do that.
What should those who are right do?
There's more lyrics to sing Psalm eleven
three.
Obviously, Dowd knew the answer,
which is why he was asking the question.
We should know it too, because, well,
we have read what Yahowah inspired him and
other prophets to compose.
And having studied his response, well,
that would be wise for it to reflect
our own.
And in this regard,
the Messiah and Son of God, Dowd,
is blatantly and boldly confrontational.
He is ever prepared, willing,
and ready to expose and condemn,
That which is Rasha,
that which is contrary to God's
instructions.
And those who claim that they speak for
the Christian God against Jews are Rasha.
We should oppose them.
We should condemn them.
So let's be clear.
The most basic principles of the Towrah
have been assailed and dismantled by
Christianity.
It began with Yahowah's name and even
Dowd's name.
The Christian God would not be known as
Yahowah,
and the Messiah would not be known,
but instead be called the Lord Jesus
Christ,
although there was no Jesus and no Christ
in first century Yahuwdah.
Yahowah's teaching and guidance would be
mischaracterized as laborious and as a
list of arcane laws,
which were no longer relevant and could
not be obeyed, nor could they save.
And this is largely the function of
rabbis,
mischaracterizing the Towrah as laws,
when the Towrah is not a set of
laws, it's a set of instructions.
It contains guidance.
The Towrah is an exceedingly unreligious
book.
Yahowah's covenant was replaced with a new
and different one,
completely detached from the Towrah and
from Yisrael, even from Yahowah.
Its conditions and benefits would be
forgotten and annulled.
In the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr,
the first statement that Yahowah makes
relative to Dowd is to say that it
was through Dowd that He cut,
therefore He established His covenant.
Therefore, without Dowd,
there is no covenant.
Not a first one, not a second one,
not an old one, not a renewed one.
There is no covenant.
Yahowah said explicitly that He, Karat,
cut, established His covenant, the Beryth,
the one and only covenant.
with Dowd, calls him out by name.
He says that Dowd is also his chosen
one,
and he says that Dowd is his coworker.
That's just in the opening statement by
Yahowah in the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr.
I would go on to say many,
many more things about Dowd,
even calling him
The Zarowa,
which is the sacrificial lamb that
fulfilled Pesach,
that he is called by Yahowah,
the Son of God.
And he is said to have been anointed
directly by Yahowah,
making dough to the Messiah,
not that other guy.
So the invitations to be called out and
meet with God would suffer a similar fate,
each superseded by a Babylonian holiday,
beginning with Christmas and Easter.
But, you know,
the rabbis also played a role in this.
They misappropriated every one of God's
instructions.
They completely ignore Matsah-making
practices.
Passover,
a seven-day holiday when it's just the
first day of Matsah.
They ignore Bikuwrym.
They have twisted Shabuwah so it no longer
has any semblance of meaning.
They've turned Taruwah into a Babylonian
holiday.
They've added Purim with absolutely no
basis in Yahowah's teaching.
They have added Hanukkah again without any
instruction from Yahowah.
They have corrupted Kipurym so that
rather than being a day of reconciliation
and a day to celebrate the return of
Messiah, Dowd, and Yahowah.
It is now a day for twirling chickens
and for abusing oneself.
And Sukah is a time to live in
grass huts, straw huts,
as opposed to a celebration of our return
to Eden in just about seven years from
now.
They have it all messed up.
Anyway, as Christianity grew,
the Shabbat was torn asunder as Sunday
came to reign as the Lord's Day.
Hebrew was discarded in favor of Greek,
then Latin,
as the truth was lost in translation.
Israel was demeaned and cast aside for a
Gentile church.
It was blamed for killing the man who
was the Christian God.
The intended relationship became a
fraudulent religion.
Truth gave way to faith.
Reliability became changeability.
And consistency was overthrown by
contradiction,
such as the nature of Christianity.
Even though Yahowah's beloved son,
the chosen one, the branch,
the protective shepherd,
the set-apart one, the anointed Messiah,
the sacrificial lamb, the eternal king,
would be mischaracterized in order to make
Jesus appear credible.
Even then,
after affording their savior a Greek name
and a Greek title,
Christians would deprive Dowd of his role
as the Passover lamb,
thereby negating their salvation.
Prayer defined as talking to God replaced
Shama,
listening to him as man's opinions took
precedence over Yahowah's testimony.
From there,
it would be a simple matter of bewildering
the masses such that they would reject the
truth and believe even the most perverted
of lies.
And once you had a majority hoodwinked
into believing the deceptions, well,
then you built mighty,
churches and cathedrals to impose the
perceived credibility of the belief
system.
Therefore,
from the view of billions of people,
ignorant as they are,
irrational as they are,
God would actually be born.
He would come into this world, our world,
as a baby, doing so on Christmas Day,
which was the day celebrated by pagans.
He would die.
Can you imagine that?
God, a dead God.
Yeah,
his symbol would be that of a dead
God on a stick.
What a lovely way to celebrate your
religion with a torture device.
The Passover lamb would be resurrected on
Easter Sunday rather than having been
sacrificed for the well-being of the
participants.
The Babylonian Trinity would be ordained
as godly.
The adversarial Lord Satan himself would
be worshipped as if he were a god.
The chosen people would be condemned as
inferior by Romans than Roman Catholics so
that the Gentile church could predicate
their new religion on supersessionalism.
Those advancing such lies would be admired
and enriched while those refuting them
would be scorned and ridiculed.
Welcome to the here and now that these
Mizmowr Psalms have been assailing.
As recently as the spring of twenty
twenty,
the Lutheran Church's Danish Bible Society
revised a translation of the New
Testament,
and then they called it the New Agreement.
These anti-Semitic advocates of
replacement theology not only excluded
Yahowah's Towrah and prophets and Psalms,
they excluded any mention of Israel.
Ignoring the obvious that present-day
Israel is located within the boundaries
God depicted,
that the population is comprised of
Yahuwdym Jews and that their official
language is Hebrew,
and that there are countless prophetic
declarations depicting Yahowah's return to
Israel on behalf of the Israelites,
the Bible Society justified their
conspiratorial animosity and rancid racism
by falsely claiming
The ancient Israelites are not linked to
any substantive or material way to the
contemporary modern state of Israel.
Huh?
Because you want it to be true?
Because you say that it's true?
Doesn't make it true.
The biblical narrative of the Israel has
almost nothing to do with contemporary
Israel other than the intentional
manipulation of sacred text to justify a
political project.
This was cited from a speech given by
evangelical Lutheran pastor.
I think I shared this the last time
we were in this position.
His name is Robert Smith.
He's a stalwart of the World Council on
Churches and a proponent of the boycott,
divestment,
and sanctions movement against Israel.
He's your...
typical anti-semite so when liars lie
especially religious narcissists and
self-aggrandizing psychopaths they almost
always project their own following or
faults on those they oppose and this is
precisely what has occurred here it is the
danish bible society that is trying to
justify a political project and they have
manipulated their sacred attacks to claim
for themselves something
that has nothing to do with them.
Now, at the same anti-Semitic conference,
a Muslim who had converted to
Christianity,
we call him a Phakistinian pastor,
his name was Mitri Reheb, he chimed in,
he says,
it wasn't the Lord God who promised Israel
the land, it was the Lord Balfour.
Cute, but stupid.
He would indict himself further with Jesus
was a Middle Eastern Palestinian Jew.
No.
Palestine is nothing but an ethnic slur.
It was first conceived by Hadrian when
burning Jews alive wrapped in Towrah
scrolls so that he could rename the
province of Yahuwdah
Philistina, Syria,
all to simply erase the truth and replace
it with a lie.
And it would have been a forgotten lie,
a stupid,
irresponsible lie that no one in their
right mind would have continued, except,
well,
the British have never been in the right
mind.
They have always been anti-Semitic.
They're the scum of the earth.
And they're the ones who kept the lie
alive.
By the way, Lord Belfour, yeah,
he was a Brit too.
Well,
I can't speak for the Lord of Ahols.
Yahowah spoke of Israel.
He spoke of Zion.
He spoke of Jerusalem over three thousand
times in his Towrah,
promising to return to this very place on
behalf of his people.
And fortunately,
based upon what Dowd revealed in his
Mizmowr,
those of us who have come to love
Yahowah adore
what he and Dowd have achieved together,
we will endure.
And this putrid,
jaundiced verbiage of those who oppose
Yahuwdym and Yisrael,
they will be no more good riddance.
Life is about, well,
exclusion and inclusion.
We are afforded the opportunity to choose
between God and man.
Christians have chosen man.
I've chosen God.
I hope you do as well.
Now, long ago,
some fourteen billion years, of course,
looking back from our perspective,
relative to the
God's position that the Big Bang,
it would have been just six twenty-four
hour days.
The proof of which that six twenty-four
hour days and fourteen billion years are
the same length of time relative to the
vantage point of the witness is proven by
the microwave cosmic radiation that
emanates still from the Big Bang.
And when you do the math,
you'll see that time was stretched to ten
to the twelfth power.
You divide fourteen billion years by ten
to the twelfth power,
you get six twenty-four hour days.
So this is an equivalence that, well,
twistians have never managed to make.
And since he created the universe,
conceived life, authored his Towrah,
and offered his covenant to become part of
his family,
anything our Heavenly Father could do with
us or through us,
He would not do alone.
This is one of the things that is
just completely missing through the
religious.
God specifically said that He was not
going to speak directly to His people.
That He would, in fact,
speak through men of His choosing.
This means that God could not have been
Jesus.
The fact is, God's not a man.
this notion that God spoke directly to his
people as Jesus contradicts what God said
that he would do.
Now in heaven,
He has positioned Himself and He has done
so in a way that can empower us
to condemn those who would do that which
God has warned against.
And whether or not we engage as He
intended, well, that's up to us.
But be aware,
even though Yahowah is leaving this up to
us,
He is aware of our choices in this
regard.
He knows those who can be trusted to
engage and to support his agenda.
So Yahowah is in his set apart sanctuary.
This is something that Yahuwdym Jews would
be wise to know because they think that
they can go off to war with yet
another enemy or bomb the same enemy and
that God is going to protect them.
That is not the case.
He would if they returned to him,
but they have not.
They've written him out of their name,
out of their country,
out of their religion, out of their lives,
literally erasing his name.
And so Yahowah is not going to return
and protect them until
they return to him.
So Yahowah's seat of honor is in the
heavens.
This is true.
He uses his faculty of sight to perceive
what can be observed regarding the
agreement.
His gaze is like the beam of light,
and it assesses the children of man.
This is Psalm
For most of the past, well,
three thousand years,
Yahowah has been hands off,
allowing man to do as he please.
He intervened to provide this and other
prophetic testimony through prophets such
as Yashayah, Jeremiah, Zechariah,
Howsha and Malachi, Yoel are all examples.
And otherwise he has been silent.
He consented to have his beloved son,
Dowd,
fulfill his obligation to serve as the
Passover lamb and to honor his promise on
behalf of the covenant regarding, well,
unyeasted bread, firstborn children.
And by fulfilling these Mow'ed Miqra'ey and
year, four thousand Yah,
thirty-three CE and his second of three
lives, well,
Dowd has enabled the promise of seven
seven, which is upcoming.
And he has intervened through his malak,
his spiritual representatives,
to protect those who have been about his
business.
Well, that's it.
There has been nothing more.
And that isn't because God wanted it to
be that way,
but because we left him with no other
viable option.
Yahowah looked for someone who was willing,
but he found no one.
He makes that very clear through the
prophet Yashayah, Isaiah.
Not for a decade, not for a century,
not for even just a millennia,
but for a score of centuries.
He found no one, not among his people,
not even among Gowym,
that would listen to him.
Pretty amazing, considering he is God,
considering what he had to say.
Now that we are approaching the time of
God's final return,
this will be
on Yowm Kipurym in year six thousand YAH,
October second, twenty thirty three.
YAH was moving among his people.
He's inspiring those devoted to the
prospect of calling his people home.
He is now easier to find and know
than he has been in a very long
time.
And God wants to interact with his
children.
It's all he has ever wanted.
But for that to occur,
we have to do our part.
Our approach to God must be based upon
facts and our assessment of His testimony
must be accurate.
And then we must respond correctly.
And even when we make mistakes,
we must show that we can correct them,
learn from them and grow as a result.
And as this occurs,
our motives will be genuine and we will
engender God's respect.
It says, Yahowah examines the genuineness,
the bakan.
He observes, closely examining,
carefully considering, even testing.
the reaction of those who are upright and
correct.
This is something I just want to
underscore because it is so essential to
understanding what went wrong in the
garden, six thousand years ago,
and what's going to be the purpose of
going forward through the celebration of
Sukah as we move forward in time to
October second or seventh of twenty thirty
three.
When Yahowah evaluated what Adam did in the
Garden of Eden,
he came to the conclusion that there was
no way to resolve what he had become.
became lethargic he was not listening he
was not responsive he was not engaged he
was making no contribution and god
recognized that in any mistake he made
there was no attempt to correct it if
he stumbled he remained down and wallowed
in his pity and shame under those
circumstances there was nothing god could
do he could not
allow Adam to be anything more than he
was.
And as he was,
he was sort of like a goldfish swimming
in a bowl in this protective enclosure.
So God made the decision to cause the
fall of man to give us the opportunity
to rectify that situation,
to show that we could be observant,
that we would be willing to listen to
what he has to say,
to be thoughtful about it and consider.
the consequences of his instructions and
guidance and then to be responsive,
to engage, to make a contribution,
to make the covenant relationship better,
to make our lives and God's existence more
interesting,
more enjoyable and mostly to
demonstrate that we could be trusted,
we could be relied upon that when we
made a mistake that we would learn from
it and grow as a result.
Are we genuine?
Are we worth God's willingness to remove
us from the constraints of physical bodies
and from this planet and allow us to
explore the universe with Him?
And for that, God must know.
that we are trustworthy,
that we are observant,
that we are genuine,
that we can be relied upon to do
the right thing.
And if we make a mistake,
to learn from it.
There was a marvelous post about a song.
The song is...
exactly what we're talking about here.
It's a song about inviting all who are
willing to listen into Sukah,
which is a thousand year celebration of
getting our relationship right with
Yahowah.
And there will be covenant members who
have already done so as the standing
grain.
And Yahowah is going to allow this mortal
remnant of Yisrael and some Gowym into a
into this celebration,
this thousand-year celebration of life
called Sukah.
And in it,
the entire earth is going to be
transformed in the conditions found in
Eden.
All religious and political effects are
going to be eliminated,
as will be all those who are overtly
political and religious and conspiratorial
and militaristic.
They'll all be gone.
All anti-Semites will be gone.
And during that time,
the primary purpose will be for this
mortal remnant to learn how to listen to
God, how to evaluate what God has said,
how to respond appropriately so they're
engaged, making a difference,
making a contribution,
and show that they're genuine,
that they can be trusted.
This is what we're going to be doing.
There was this beautiful song on it and
a first time attempt by some of our
newer team members in the graphics,
the branding group.
I had created a video and graphics to
go with the song.
And I noted, well, you know,
you've done a marvelous job.
This song's beautiful.
The graphics are beautiful.
I have some suggestions, however.
And the suggestions were, you know,
there was some type of graphical errors,
about twenty of them.
And, you know,
you probably want to clean those up a
little bit.
And since the invitation is to Sukah,
it's back into the garden and not walking
through a desert.
So let's change that graphic a bit if
we could.
And I said this in the light of...
this very thing, we're going into Sukah,
it's a time of examination,
of careful consideration,
of constructive criticism, if you will.
And we can say, that's a good start,
which I did, and then say,
here's how we can make corrections and
make it better.
And we need to be comfortable with that
kind of thing because that's going to be
our experience over the next thousand
years.
So God's going to examine the genuineness
of those who are upright and correct,
of those who have been allowed into the
garden.
Then it says,
but the deceitful one who is wrong and
religious, the rasha, the fraudulent,
the wicked,
the guilty of leading others astray,
and the one who is fond of,
a cob,
who desires and becomes familiar with
violence, that which is wrong,
destructive,
that which terrorizes and maims without
moral restraint,
plundering and looting others,
he hates his soul.
yep that's what it says he hates his
soul there's more lyrics to saying psalm
eleven five that's sonic uh that's on an
fsu he hates his soul hate is a
virtue if you don't hate then you are
incapable of love uh and just a fact
i i'm always surprised that so few people
understand this reality that you can't be
genuine in your compassion for anyone
unless you know who, what, why, when,
and especially how to express righteous
indignation.
To protect children,
you must be opposed to pedophiles and
pedophilia as well as any religious or
political incitement to be pedophiles like
Islam.
You must care enough for women's rights to
be opposed to rape and to sexism.
Religions are the primary instigators of
the debasement of women.
And if you do not despise those things,
which have been so hostile to women,
including the rape of women,
then you're not being compassionate.
You're not being just.
You should be opposed to terrorism and to
religious and political doctrines that
encourage it.
So there are things that you must be
opposed to and despise for you to be
compassionate and loving,
for you to be moral,
for you to be righteous.
And God is trying to model this for
us and to tell us that when it
comes to those who are misleading Rasha
religiously,
Those who are violent,
those who are destructive,
those who are terrorists and maim others
without moral restraint,
who plunder and loot them,
that he hates them.
He hates their soul,
which is even worse than hating them
because, well,
their soul is going to be cast into
Sheowl.
So volume one of Observations,
which I wrote a very,
very long time ago,
the opening statement was,
hate is a virtue.
It was not my opinion or my idea.
Saying so did not make me ignorant or
mistaken.
It's God's conclusion.
Not that God needs anyone to defend him,
but nevertheless,
evidence and reason dictate that he is
correct in his assessment.
Humankind has been mistreated,
has been abused,
has been deceived and traumatized for the
past centuries.
five thousand years because far too few
people have had the courage or compassion
to oppose the religious, political,
militaristic,
and conspiratorial influences which have
been so universally corrupting and
corrosive.
Unless and until far more of us learn
what and how to hate the caustic influence
which has stained every human civilization
and bloodied humankind perpetrating all
manner of violence
It's going to continue to be just as
destructive and deadly and deceitful and
damning as humankind has been since the
beginning of time.
And I am overtly condemning of Rahab.
That would be Donald Trump.
He is the integration of the worst of
man and Satan.
And to not denigrate him is to be
among the many who
fail to warn the world of the consequence
of someone this disingenuous,
of someone this demonic.
We need to hate.
And we need to know what and how
to hate.
Otherwise, there is no love.
If you have a daughter and there is
a perpetrator next door that has been
has a history of preying on little girls.
And you find this man trying to abduct
and denigrate to her daughter,
you damn well better hate him.
And if you don't,
then you are a worthless piece of crud
yourself.
So terror exists and it prevails because
it's not one in a million of us
who has invested the time,
who has demonstrated the courage,
who has embraced the characteristics which
have caused Yahowah to inspire Dowd and
who will as a result expose and condemn
Islam.
The religion is responsible for
ninety-five percent of today's terrorist
atrocities.
There isn't one in a million who
understands and despises what Paul wrote.
two thousand years ago,
sufficiently to systemically and
systematically disavow Christian
deceptions,
holding the religion accountable for the
crimes it has committed against God's
people, including the Holocaust.
There isn't one in a million willing to
explain why we should not be political or
patriotic,
proving and providing the reasons that
We should not support a political party.
Today,
the Democratic or the Democrat Marxists
and the Republican Magas are out of their
ever-loving mind.
Both would be exceedingly destructive
empowered.
Don't support a political party.
Don't support any military.
Don't support a spy organization,
international diplomacy or religion.
These are counter to God.
They are counter to the well-being of
humankind.
Now,
until far more people come to their
senses, shed their ignorance,
develop some character and start thinking
rationally,
deceit and violence will continue to
ravage our world with its carnage,
Littering every place on earth.
Well,
at least until such time as Taruwah in
year six thousand YAH,
twenty thirty three.
Now for love to prevail, hate must exist.
For there to be truth and for it
to be known and accepted,
lies must be loathed.
There are many things that God has
identified worthy of our disdain.
For us to do as we should,
they must be known.
They must be understood.
They must be exposed.
They must be condemned.
That's why I've written thirteen books in
the Goddamn Religion, Twistianity,
and Babel series.
All words should be wielded wisely using
evidence and reason,
which is precisely what I have done.
Go to YadaYah.com.
Read those thirteen volumes if you want to
know how evil prevails.
Now before we go on,
I want to reinforce a couple of things.
Now you just get comfortable there,
Wookie.
I don't want you to work too hard
at this.
So things I'd like to reinforce that are
essential to Yahowah in this regard is
first that God said that He hates the
soul of the individual who disseminates
lies on behalf of religion and who
advocates violence.
Now, this means a couple of things.
First,
we should never promote violence as a
solution to any problem.
We are encouraged to use words.
Now, second,
we must acknowledge that religion and
other forms of deceit live within the
souls of their advocates.
The treacherous will continue to be
corrosive as long as the proponents of
such tactics exist.
And that is why Yahowah will be expelling
and exterminating so many of them on
Taruwah in twenty thirty three.
It also means that it is appropriate for
us
to condemn the most vocal and notorious
proponents of delusions,
since Yah clearly holds them in disdain.
Now, the idea of a
prisons whose bars are comprised of light.
It appears intriguing and well,
maybe it's especially fitting and proper
because that's the idea that follows.
It says,
he will bring down on those who mislead
and are mistaken,
the deceitful and the religious,
the Rasha again, a means of incarceration.
comprised of fire made of flames burning
light and combustible material which glows
brightly and burns and brimstone in
addition to a scorching spirit of
righteous indignation a fitting receptacle
and appropriate fate for them this is
Mizmowr lyrics to sing psalm eleven six
So it should be obvious that Yahowah
despises everything that's associated with
Russia, religion.
External and eternal incarceration in a
cell comprised of burning sulfur while
enduring the righteous indignation of an
angry spirit does not sound appealing.
So by all means, let's avoid being Rasha,
misleading our mistake and religious and
thus deceitful, corrupting or corrupted,
wrong and thus invalid,
fraudulent or unethical.
Let's be careful and not lead anyone
astray.
Let's avoid that which is inappropriate
and confusing,
particularly in relation to God.
Now, being Tsadaq right is a better idea.
In fact,
Rasha is presented in direct contrast to
being Tsadaq.
Correct.
One is wrong, the other is right.
And therein is the difference between life
and death, Yahowah and ha-Satan,
Shamaym or Sheowl.
This reads,
Concerning those who are right and thus
vindicated,
Yahowah loves the upright and the correct.
The straightforward and the reasonable
shall gaze upon His face.
Psalm 11:7
Well, that's the corollary, isn't it?
God hates the overtly religious and those
who are so vicious.
But if you're right about Him, Tsadaq,
which is the single most important thing
relative to God, being correct.
If you are, then Yahowah loves, loves you.
He desires you.
He ahab you.
He wants to establish a close personal
relationship with you.
And He will view you as tsadaqah,
being upright, correct, and vindicated,
innocent.
The straightforward and the reasonable,
the yashur,
those who are on the level and consistent.
they're going to be able to gaze upon,
to observe and behold Yahowah's face.
I think it's so clear,
I'm just surprised that there are any
religious people.
How could you carry around a book that
says such a thing and not be responsive
to it?
Well,
there are a significant number of things
we need to know, understand, accept,
and act upon to appear before Yahowah,
and more importantly, to receive His love.
But in the end,
all of them are bound together by a
single idea, and that is Tsadaq,
being right.
Faith means nothing, belief means nothing,
religion means nothing.
In fact, they're all counterproductive.
Being right is what counts.
You can't be right until you know.
It is knowledge that leads one to being
right.
And you can even be beyond right when
you understand.
So when it comes to being correct about
Yahowah,
the thing I enjoy more than learning the
truth is, well,
coming to understand it and then sharing
what we've come to comprehend.
From the very beginning through twenty-two
years and thirty-five books,
we have been committed to more correctly
and completely translating Yahowah's words,
contemplating their implications,
and to going where His guidance leads.
Everything Yahowah has revealed on behalf
of humankind
is all directed at a single idea god
wants us to be Tsadaq he wants us
to be right because if he's right if
we're right then every positive thing can
happen from there
And this is an exceedingly good thing
because as it turns out,
being Tsadaq right provides direct access
to Yahowah's presence and to his love.
He just said so.
If you want to gaze upon the face
of Yahowah,
it is essential that you be right about
him.
begins by knowing his name,
begins by knowing what he said in his
Towrah and prophets.
It begins by accepting the conditions of
the covenant, which are five.
It continues by acting upon the means to
deliver the five benefits of the covenant,
which are delivered through the first
three spring Miqra'ey, the Pesach,
the fulfillment of Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym.
This is how we come.
to know that God can be trusted and
relied upon to deliver on His promises.
This is how we come to be immortal,
to be deemed not guilty and therefore
innocent in His presence.
It's how we are enriched and empowered as
His children.
So in a world that's fixated on faith
and hope,
on being politically correct even when it
means being wrong,
it is reassuring to know that from
Yahowah's perspective,
nothing matters more than knowing and
accepting the truth.
This means that everything we have
translated and contemplated over these
past twenty-five years has served a
purpose.
The entire Yada Yahowah family of books,
all free at YadaYah.com,
provides the open-minded and the
responsive with the opportunity to be
sadaq, right?
And it's an open book test,
but you gotta read them.
You gotta know where to find the answers
in the book.
You gotta know that the answers are there
for you.
You have to walk away from faith and
to knowledge.
Now,
we should not be surprised by any of
this, including the simplicity of it all.
It is basic.
Even with Abraham and with Yitschaq,
there was a test,
one where they were able to demonstrate
their understanding and show that their
response to God was correct and that they
could be trusted to engage
and to work with God to make a
contribution to what he was trying to
achieve.
You know, and speaking of being right,
in this short psalm,
Yahowah's name appears four times.
Knowing and using Yahowah's name is the
first step to heaven.
Therefore, it reads,
to the everlasting and majestic God.
of Dowd the Beloved with Yahowah,
I find someone I can trust to keep
me safe such that I'm comfortable,
confident, and harmonious.
So why would you say,
speaking to the religious of my soul,
flee to your mountain like a bird,
go away.
Indeed, behold,
those who are guilty of vexing religious
malfeasance have bent the bow.
They have fashioned and aimed their arrows
upon the string to shoot through the
darkness and shadows at those of us who
are straightforward and correct in our
thinking and judgment.
Indeed,
when the most basic principles are torn
down, what should those who are right do?
How should we respond?
Yahowah is in his set apart sanctuary and
royal residence.
Yahowah's seat of honor is in the heavens.
He uses his faculty of sight to perceive
what can be observed regarding the
agreement.
His gaze is like a beam of light.
and it assesses those children of man.
Yahowah examines the genuineness of those
who are upright and correct.
He's able to test our reliability.
But the deceitful one who is wrong and
religious,
the one who is fond of violence, Hamas,
he hates his soul.
He will bring down on those who mislead
and who are mistaken,
the deceitful and the religious,
a means of incarceration.
It's going to be composed of burning light
and of brimstone in addition to a
scorching spirit of righteous indignation,
a fitting reciprocal and an appropriate
fate for them.
Concerning those who are right and thus
vindicated, well, Yahowah loves them,
the upright and the correct as well.
The straightforward and the reasonable are
the ones who will have the opportunity to
gaze upon His face.
And therein is
Mizmowr, Lyrics to Sing, Psalm.
Certainly something for us to digest,
is it not?
Something for us to appreciate,
something for us to use as a means
to grow.
to become more than we would otherwise be
without these insights.
The man that Yahowah chose,
the man that he placed his spirit upon,
the man that he called his beloved son,
the man he anointed as Ha Mashyach
has just told you that faith is
meaningless.
Religions are counterproductive.
And what matters is knowledge that leads
to understanding so that you too can be
right about God.
You'll find these answers at YadaYah.com.
I would encourage you to go there.
There is much you can learn,
much you can gain through the process.
And now is the time because there's so
little of it remaining.
Mankind has been out of the garden for...
just now seven years shy of six thousand.
By twenty thirty three,
everything that man has tried to control
on this planet will be for naught.
We're entering a time of a death spiral.
We're going to witness calamities of a
great magnitude and world war.
It's going to be particularly harsh on
Jews,
but
It's just you need to know from the
prophet's perspective,
we're entering the worst time in human
history.
We have now as the leader of the
world,
a man that Yahowah refers to as Rahab.
He is Satan in the flesh.
He is demon possessed.
His name is Donald Trump.
And over the next seven years,
he is going to be the most destructive
force on earth.
He already is.
And while I can't tell you whether or
not he is going to attack Iran again,
whether his attack will be superficial as
it was the last time or devastating.
I can tell you that he will instigate
wars, that he will betray Israel.
And that ultimately he must be destroyed
and will be.
That will occur on Taruwah in twenty thirty
three.
But between now and then,
you need to be aware that this is
the most dangerous man in the history of
humankind.
He's going to be worse than anyone who
has ever ravaged the human race prior to
this time.
And that's saying something.
And so it's now or never for you.
If you want to be part of the
covenant family,
if you want to be among those who
gaze on Yahowah's face,
you need to learn who God is,
what He is offering,
and what He expects in return.
You need to disassociate yourself from the
things He despises, religion and politics,
conspiracy, militarism.
This is God's invitation.
It is our invitation to you on His
behalf.
I thank you for listening,
and we look forward to returning to our
Ocean Studio and the revelation of yet
another insight that can be gleaned from
our returning King, our Messiah,
the very Son of God, our Savior, Dowd
So, until next time, good day.
Hey there, thanks for tuning in.
That was Fetch.
Gotta run now.
Catch y'all on our next podcast.